Protests are continuing on the last video, how it was evaluated when testing the quality of sets of
previously stated that hash sets and link test sets contain those and the trace set does not carried
and will test this out.
So here, what you can say I've done is added a now to the set height and I'm comparing it to the linked
hasset, which doesn't contain.
Now we're checking for equality.
So let's actually run this.
The airport confirms that a set with a now will not equal a sit with the same families without an.
Let's look at several methods that differentiate the sets to trace.
It implements an interface called Navigable Set, which provides additional functionality to the trace
it.
So we're going to do is a pin simple code and look at these additional trace methods.
So let's just get back up to the top.
Standing alone, 40 items were posted in so this case demonstrates the usage of the lower the higher
the floor and the ceiling methods.
So you could say we've got to lower being invoked, starting a line fifty six.
Well, this looks for an element that is directly less than an element passed to the perimeter looking
backward.
So it would return the greatest element that is less than the element specified.
And it returns.
No, if no such element can be found on the floor, as you can see, being used here starting on 65.
It's the same as lower, except it returns the greatest element that is less than or equal to the element
specified or null if it doesn't exist.
Also got higher standing on line eighty three, this looks for an element that's directly greater than
the element passed to the perimeter looking forward so that it would return the element that's immediately
greater than the element specified and it returns null if no such element can be found.
And finally, we've got ceiling study online, 74.
It's the same as higher, except it returns the element that is directly greater than or equal then
the element specified or null.
If it doesn't exist, it's from this code.
We could see the results.
They're using lower floor ceiling as well as higher.
So this video and the previous two covered many of the features the collection interface provides using
the set implementations to test the methods in common, they've also covered the three common implementations
of set Peche set preset and linked hasset.
So it's important to remember the attributes of each how which is ordered, whether those are valid
elements and whether duplicates are allowed in the set.
In the next video, I'll be reviewing the interface briefly, which I actually discussed in greater
detail in Section ten of the one zero eight one nine part one course that I've got here on YouTube to
refer to that if you need to.
And in addition, moving forward, they're going to be reviewing the Q and DEC collections.
So let's move on.